Reference Translations for Avengers: Endgame RAG

Format: canonical query => alternative phrasings

Title: Avengers Endgame - Title - What is Title? - Tell me about
Title. - Explain Title. - What is the movie called? - Movie name

Release Date: April 26 2019 - Release Date - What is Release Date? -
Tell me about Release Date. - Explain Release Date.

Genre: Action Adventure Science Fiction Superhero - Genre - What is
Genre? - Tell me about Genre. - Explain Genre.

Runtime: 181 minutes - Runtime - What is Runtime? - Tell me about
Runtime. - Explain Runtime.

Language: English - Language - What is Language? - Tell me about
Language. - Explain Language.

Country: United States - Country - What is Country? - Tell me about
Country. - Explain Country.

Directors: Anthony Russo and Joe Russo - Directors - What is
Directors? - Tell me about Directors. - Explain Directors. - Who
directed Avengers Endgame? - Director of Endgame

Producer: Kevin Feige - Producer - What is Producer? - Tell me about
Producer. - Explain Producer.

Writers: Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely - Writers - What is
Writers? - Tell me about Writers. - Explain Writers.

Production Company: Marvel Studios - Production Company - What is
Production Company? - Tell me about Production Company. - Explain
Production Company.

Distributor: Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures - Distributor - What is
Distributor? - Tell me about Distributor. - Explain Distributor.

Rating: PG-13 - Rating - What is Rating? - Tell me about Rating. -
Explain Rating.

Main Cast: Robert Downey Jr; Chris Evans; Mark Ruffalo; Chris Hemsworth;
Scarlett Johansson; Jeremy Renner; Don Cheadle; Paul Rudd; Brie Larson;
Karen Gillan; Josh Brolin - Main Cast - What is Main Cast? - Tell me
about Main Cast. - Explain Main Cast. - Who are the actors? - Cast of
Avengers Endgame

Main Villain: Thanos - Main Villain - What is Main Villain? - Tell me
about Main Villain. - Explain Main Villain.

MCU Phase: Phase Three - MCU Phase - What is MCU Phase? - Tell me about
MCU Phase. - Explain MCU Phase.

MCU Film Number: 22 - MCU Film Number - What is MCU Film Number? - Tell
me about MCU Film Number. - Explain MCU Film Number.

Preceded By: Avengers Infinity War - Preceded By - What is Preceded
By? - Tell me about Preceded By. - Explain Preceded By.

Followed By: Spider Man Far From Home - Followed By - What is Followed
By? - Tell me about Followed By. - Explain Followed By.

Plot: The remaining Avengers attempt to undo the Snap by collecting the
Infinity Stones from the past using time travel. - Plot - What is
Plot? - Tell me about Plot. - Explain Plot. - What is the story? - Story
summary

Goal: Restore everyone erased by the Snap. - Goal - What is Goal? - Tell
me about Goal. - Explain Goal.

Time Travel: The Avengers travel to different points in the past to
collect the Infinity Stones. - Time Travel - What is Time Travel? - Tell
me about Time Travel. - Explain Time Travel.

Iron Man: Tony Stark creates time travel and sacrifices himself to
defeat Thanos. - Iron Man - What is Iron Man? - Tell me about Iron
Man. - Explain Iron Man.

Captain America: Steve Rogers returns the Infinity Stones and remains in
the past with Peggy Carter. - Captain America - What is Captain
America? - Tell me about Captain America. - Explain Captain America.

Thor: Thor joins the final battle after overcoming his guilt. - Thor -
What is Thor? - Tell me about Thor. - Explain Thor.

Hulk: Bruce Banner becomes Smart Hulk. - Hulk - What is Hulk? - Tell me
about Hulk. - Explain Hulk.

Black Widow: Natasha Romanoff sacrifices herself for the Soul Stone. -
Black Widow - What is Black Widow? - Tell me about Black Widow. -
Explain Black Widow.

Hawkeye: Clint Barton retrieves the Soul Stone. - Hawkeye - What is
Hawkeye? - Tell me about Hawkeye. - Explain Hawkeye.

Captain Marvel: Carol Danvers helps in the final battle. - Captain
Marvel - What is Captain Marvel? - Tell me about Captain Marvel. -
Explain Captain Marvel.

Ant Man: Scott Lang introduces the Quantum Realm solution. - Ant Man -
What is Ant Man? - Tell me about Ant Man. - Explain Ant Man.

Ending: Tony Stark defeats Thanos at the cost of his own life. -
Ending - What is Ending? - Tell me about Ending. - Explain Ending. - How
does the movie end? - Ending explained
